TC election process (#155)
open-feature/community: tech-committee-charter.md

Changes to TC membership should be posted in the agenda document, and may be suggested as any other agenda item.

### No Over-Representation

> No more than one-fourth (25%) of the TC members may be affiliated with the same employer (in the event of confusion or concern, the OpenFeature TC will defer to the CNCF definition of "same employer"). If removal or resignation of a TC member, or a change of employment by a TC member, creates a situation where more than one-fourth of the TC membership shares an employer, then the situation must be immediately remedied by the resignation or removal of one or more TC members affiliated with the over-represented employer(s).

Reviewer: Do you have a link to that definition?

Reviewer 2: I wasn't able to find a formal definition on the CNCF site. This is something we should address before merging. If the CNCF no longer has a published definition, we should either ask them to republish it or defined it ourselves.

I also noticed this was the same language used in the [OTel TC charter](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community/blob/main/tech-committee-charter.md).

Reviewer 3: Same employer might be misleading in some cases (e.g. contract work which is pretty common in OSS). I would rephrase to "representing the same legal entity/project"

Reviewer 3: OK, this is about the TC. As the TC has no formal "power", I am not sure how strict we need to be here.

Reviewer 4: I think it's not a bad idea anyway.

> No more than one-fourth (25%) of the TC members may be affiliated with the same employer (in the event of confusion or concern, the OpenFeature TC will defer to the CNCF definition of "same employer"). If removal or resignation of a TC member, or a change of employment by a TC member, creates a situation where more than one-fourth of the TC membership shares an employer, then the situation must be immediately remedied by the resignation or removal of one or more TC members affiliated with the over-represented employer(s).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
No more than one-third (33%) of the TC members may be affiliated with the same employer (in the event of confusion or concern, the OpenFeature TC will defer to the CNCF definition of "same employer"). If removal or resignation of a TC member, or a change of employment by a TC member, creates a situation where more than one-fourth of the TC membership shares an employer, then the situation must be immediately remedied by the resignation or removal of one or more TC members affiliated with the over-represented employer(s).
```

### Election of TC Members

New TC members can be nominated by an existing TC Member. A candidate can be elected to the TC by the super-majority vote (greater than two thirds) of the existing TC members. The GC will have a veto for the new members.

### Election of TC Chair

The TC Chair will rotate amongst TC members. The responsibilities of TC Chair include: building an agenda for TC meetings, encouraging participation of other members and facilitating the decisions among TCs. The TC Chairperson should hold their role for 3 months; there are no limits on the number of terms a TC Chairperson may serve.

> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion

```

### Election of TC Members

> New TC members can be nominated by any Member in Standing as defined in the [OpenFeature Governance Charter](https://github.com/open-feature/community/blob/main/governance-charter.md), and must be sponsored by one of the existing TC members to bring it to a vote. A candidate can be elected to the TC by the super-majority vote (greater than two thirds) of the existing TC members. The voting by the TC members is anonymous. A multiple-candidate method, such as [Condorcet](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Condorcet_method) or [Single Transferable Vote](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single_transferable_vote), may be used to conduct the vote, by phrasing the selections as:

Reviewer 3: Do we really need a complex voting method. Majority from the GC should be fine.

Reviewer 3: Can we please simplify the voting as discussed on the last GC call:

New TC members must be nominated by existing TC members. GC has a veto for new members. 

The TC servers as the technical arm of the GC. The GC is already voted by the wider community, so no need to make everything a community vote here.
